Rever release config & docs (#601)
conda/infra: .github/RELEASE.md

<!-- These docs are updated and synced from https://github.com/conda/infra -->

## Release Process

> [epic template]: issues/new?assignees=&labels=epic&template=epic.yml

Reviewer: This link doesn't seem to work, it goes to a 404 page (but maybe once this is merged it'll go directly to the file?)

Author: these links aren't expected to work until the file is synced out, its supposed to be a relative link

Author: **but** after further reflection I believe the relative URL will still be wrong, when we view this file on GH it'll be at, e.g., https://github.com/conda/conda/blob/main/RELEASE.md so we want:

```suggestion
[epic template]: ../../issues/new?assignees=&labels=epic&template=epic.yml
```

> [epic template]: ../../issues/new?assignees=&labels=epic&template=epic.yml

Reviewer 2: Smart!

[rever docs]: https://regro.github.io/rever-docs
[compare]: compare

> [release notes]: releases/new

Reviewer: Are these two links currently just placeholders?

Author: **but** after further reflection I believe the relative URL will still be wrong, when we view this file on GH it'll be at, e.g., https://github.com/conda/conda/blob/main/RELEASE.md so we want:

```suggestion
[compare]: ../../compare
[release notes]: ../../releases/new
```

### 1. Open an issue in the applicable project for the upcoming release with the following details.

> **Note:**
> The [epic template][epic template] is perfect for this, just remember to remove the https://github.com/conda/infra/labels/epic label.

<details>
<summary><code>GitHub Issue Template</code></summary>

```markdown
### Summary

Placeholder for `conda 22.9.0` release.

### Tasks

[milestone]: https://github.com/conda/conda/milestone/56
[releases]: https://github.com/conda/conda/releases
[main]: https://github.com/AnacondaRecipes/conda-feedstock
[conda-forge]: https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-feedstock

- [ ] [Complete outstanding PRs][milestone]
- [ ] Create release PR
    - See release process https://github.com/conda/infra/issues/541
- [ ] [Publish Release][releases]
- [ ] Create/update `22.9.x` branch
- [ ] Feedstocks
    - [ ] Bump version [Anaconda's main][main]
    - [ ] Bump version [conda-forge][conda-forge]
    - Link any other feedstock PRs that are necessary

> - [ ] Handoff to the Anaconda packaging team

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we should add an item here like "interact with conda-forge maintainers" or something to make clear that bumping the version in the cf recipe alone doesn't mean it's released.

Author: hm ok I'll keep this in mind and workshop it in https://github.com/conda/conda/issues/11802 and https://github.com/conda/conda-package-handling/issues/120, we can add whatever we decide on in a future PR?

Author: https://github.com/conda/infra/issues/602

Reviewer 2: Sounds good, thank you!

- [ ] Announce release
    - [ ] Slack

>     - [ ] Twitter

Reviewer 2: Would be cool if we'd have a @conda/comms team or something to automatically ping here.

Author: True, this would be something that we want to configure with Terraform?

Reviewer 2: Once we have that, yeah. I can find that branch and push to a infra repo branch next week.

```

</details>

> ### 2. Ensure `rever.xsh` and `news/TEMPLATE` is up to date.

Reviewer: Nit: 
```suggestion
### 2. Ensure `rever.xsh` and `news/TEMPLATE` are up to date.
```

These are synced from https://github.com/conda/infra.

<details>
<summary><h3>3. Run Rever.</h3></summary>

> Currently, there are only 2 activities we use rever for, (1) aggregating the authors and (2) updating the changelog. Aggregating the authors can be an error-prone process and also suffers from builtin race conditions (i.e. to generate an updated `.authors.yml` we need an updated `.mailmap` but to have an updated `.mailmap` we need an updated `.authors.yml`). This is why the following steps are very heavy-handed (and potentially repetitive) in running rever commands, undoing commits, squashing/reordering commits, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, there are only 2 activities we use `rever` for, (1) aggregating the authors and (2) updating the changelog. Aggregating the authors can be an error-prone process and also suffers from builtin race conditions (i.e. to generate an updated `.authors.yml` we need an updated `.mailmap` but to have an updated `.mailmap` we need an updated `.authors.yml`). This is why the following steps are very heavy-handed (and potentially repetitive) in running `rever` commands, undoing commits, squashing/reordering commits, etc.
```

1. Install [`rever`][rever docs] and activate the environment:

    ```bash
    $ conda create -n rever conda-forge::rever
    $ conda activate rever
    (rever) $
    ```

2. Clone and `cd` into the repository if you haven't done so already:

    ```bash
    (rever) $ git clone git@github.com:conda/conda.git
    (rever) $ cd conda
    ```

2. Create a release branch:

    ```bash
    (rever) $ git checkout -b release-22.9.0
    ```

2. Run `rever --activities authors`:

    > **Note:**
    > Include `--force` when re-running any rever commands for the same `<VERSION>`, otherwise, rever will skip the activity and no changes will be made (i.e., rever remembers if an activity has been run for a given version).

    ```bash
    (rever) $ rever --activities authors <VERSION> [--force]
    ```

>     - If rever finds that any of the authors are not correctly represented in `.authors.yml` it will produce an error, if the author that the error pertains to is:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - If rever finds that any of the authors are not correctly represented in `.authors.yml` it will produce an error. If the author that the error pertains to is:
```

        - **a new contributor**: the snippet suggested by rever should be added to the `.authors.yml` file.
        - **an existing contributor**, a result of using a new name/email combo: find the existing author in `.authors.yml` and add the new name/email combo to that author's `aliases` and `alterative_emails`.

>     - Once you have successfully run `rever --activities authors` with no errors, review the commit made by rever. This commit will contain updates to one or more of the author files (`.authors.yml`, `.mailmap`, and `AUTHORS.md`). Due to the race condition between `.authors.yml` and `.mailmap` we want to extract changes made to any of the following keys in `.authors.yml` and commit them separately from the other changes in the rever commit:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Once you have successfully run `rever --activities authors` with no errors, review the commit made by rever. This commit will contain updates to one or more of the author files (`.authors.yml`, `.mailmap`, and `AUTHORS.md`). Due to the race condition between `.authors.yml` and `.mailmap`, we want to extract changes made to any of the following keys in `.authors.yml` and commit them separately from the other changes in the rever commit:
```

        -  `name`
        -  `email`
        -  `github`
        -  `aliases`
        -  `alternate_emails`

      Other keys (e.g., `num_commits` and `first_commit`) do not need to be included in this separate commit as they will be overwritten by rever.

>     - Here's a sample run where we undo the commit made by revert in order to commit the changes to `.authors.yml` separately:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Here's a sample run where we undo the commit made by rever in order to commit the changes to `.authors.yml` separately:
```
"rever" right? or did you actually mean "revert"? 🤔

        ```bash
        (rever) $ rever --activities authors 22.9.0 --force

        # changes were made to .authors.yml as per the prior bullet
        (rever) $ git diff --name-only HEAD HEAD~1
        .authors.yml
        .mailmap
        AUTHORS.md

        # undo commit
        (rever) $ git reset HEAD~1 --soft

        # undo changes made to everything except .authors.yml
        (rever) $ git restore .mailmap AUTHORS.md
        ```

    - Commit these changes to `.authors.yml`:

        ```bash
        (rever) $ git add .
        (rever) $ git commit -m "Updated .authors.yml"
        ```

    - Rerun `rever --activities authors` and finally check that your `.mailmap` is correct by running:

        ```bash
        git shortlog -se
        ```

>       Compare this list with `AUTHORS.md`, if they have any discrepancies, additional modifications to `.authors.yml` is needed, so repeat the above steps as needed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      Compare this list with `AUTHORS.md`. If they have any discrepancies, additional modifications to `.authors.yml` is needed, so repeat the above steps as needed.
```

>     - Once you are pleased with how the author files we want to undo the revert commit and commit the `.mailmap` changes separately:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    - Once you are pleased with how the author's file looks, we want to undo the rever commit and commit the `.mailmap` changes separately:
```

        ```bash
        # undo commit (but preserve changes)
        (rever) $ git reset --soft HEAD~1

        # undo changes made to everything except .mailmap
        (rever) $ git restore .authors.yml AUTHORS.md
        ```

    - Commit these changes to `.mailmap`:

        ```bash
        (rever) $ git add .
        (rever) $ git commit -m "Updated .mailmap"
        ```

    - Continue repeating the above processes until the `.authors.yml` and `.mailmap` are corrected to your liking. After completing this, you will have at most two commits on your release branch:

        ```bash
        (rever) $ git cherry -v main
        + 86957814cf235879498ed7806029b8ff5f400034 Updated .authors.yml
        + 3ec7491f2f58494a62f1491987d66f499f8113ad Updated .mailmap
        ```

> 4. Review news snippets (ensure they are all using the correct Markdown format, **not** reStructuredTest) and add additional snippets for undocumented PRs/changes as necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Review news snippets (ensure they are all using the correct Markdown format, **not** reStructuredText) and add additional snippets for undocumented PRs/changes as necessary.
```

    > **Note:**
    > We've found it useful to name news snippets with the following format: `<PR #>-<DESCRIPTIVE SLUG>`.
    >
    > We've also found that we like to include the PR #s inline with the text itself, e.g.:
    >
    > ```markdown
    > ### Enhancements
    >
    > * Add `win-arm64` as a known platform (subdir). (#11778)
    > ```

>     - I find it helpful to use [GitHub's compare view][compare] to review what changes are to be included in this release.

Reviewer: Just a nitpick, I found the first-person voice here to not quite fit in to the style of the rest of the document (this is an optional "take it or leave it" suggestion):
```suggestion
    - You can utilize [GitHub's compare view][compare] to review what changes are to be included in this release.
```
